symbol=CONST, kind=ident
symbol=N, kind=ident
symbol=equal, kind=oper
symbol=7, kind=num
symbol=comma, kind=oper
symbol=M, kind=ident
symbol=equal, kind=oper
symbol=85, kind=num
symbol=semicolon, kind=oper
symbol=VAR, kind=ident
symbol=X, kind=ident
symbol=comma, kind=oper
symbol=Y, kind=ident
symbol=comma, kind=oper
symbol=Z, kind=ident
symbol=semicolon, kind=oper
symbol=BEGIN, kind=ident
symbol=IF, kind=ident
symbol=X, kind=ident
symbol=greater_equal, kind=oper
symbol=Y, kind=ident
symbol=plus, kind=oper
symbol=3, kind=num
symbol=THEN, kind=ident
symbol=X, kind=ident
symbol=becomes, kind=oper
symbol=M, kind=ident
symbol=semicolon, kind=oper
symbol=Y, kind=ident
symbol=becomes, kind=oper
symbol=Z, kind=ident
symbol=plus, kind=oper
symbol=56, kind=num
symbol=semicolon, kind=oper
symbol=END, kind=ident
symbol=period, kind=oper
